[docs] updating description of the code for new version of solidity (#11488)
ethereum/solidity: docs/introduction-to-smart-contracts.rst

The ``send`` function can be used by anyone (who already
has some of these coins) to send coins to anyone else. If the sender does not have

> enough coins to send, the ``if`` statement evaluates to true. As a result, the ``revert`` will cause the operation to fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enough coins to send, the ``if`` condition evaluates to true. As a result, the ``revert`` will cause the operation to fail
```

> while providing the sender with an appropriate error message.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for noticing! Can you somehow mention "revert statement" in this sentence? Otherwise, people might think that the `if` causes the failure.

Author: Sure!

> while providing the sender with an appropriate message using the ``InsufficientBalance`` error.

Reviewer: Well, technically there is no error message here (though a tool could construct one based on the error):
```suggestion
while providing the sender with error details using the ``InsufficientBalance`` error.
```
